Updated Standards & Minor Fixes (#15)
pulsar-edit/.github: profile/README.md

* [Tentative Roadmap Discussion](https://github.com/orgs/pulsar-edit/discussions/2)
* [Frequently Asked Questions](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/.github/blob/main/FAQ.md)
* [Contributing Right Now](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/.github/blob/main/project-birth/CONTRIBUTING-DURING-START.md)
* [Documentation Roadmap](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/pulsar-edit.github.io/issues/14)

> * [Hop Right In on Some PR's or Issues](https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+user%3Apulsar-edit+archived%3Afalse+sort%3Acomments-asc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Hop Right on in with some PR's and Issues](https://github.com/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+user%3Apulsar-edit+archived%3Afalse+sort%3Acomments-asc)
```
Just some logistical edits, because this sounded a bit odd originally in my opinion.

Author: Good catch, don't know where that grammar or capitalization came from

> Otherwise you may always check out our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/gp9UStzsHk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other support feel free to join us here:
- [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/gp9UStzsHk).
- [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/pulsaredit/)
```

Author: Oh this actually seems best to me, over PR #16 

How would @softcode589 feel about using this change rather than their PR?

Reviewer 2: I don’t really know

Author: Fair enough, in that case apologies, but may go with this one, as its a bit more clear. @softcode589 

But this does still accomplish the task of properly linking to the subreddit
